Population explosion
Cultural events
infrastructure
cost of living
rush hour
drug abuse
city dwellers
pollution
towering skyscrapers
massive underground network
sheer size
Spans across
Exceptionally rich
it will accommodate
facilitate its growing Population
Reap massive profits
to be implemented

Major cities continue to grow at a phenomenal rate.
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages.

1) Intro about growing
2) Main body
  a) Pros about social life 
  b) Pros about economy
  c) Cons about 
3) Overview

Nowadays metropolises are hot points for inhabitants merging from smaller cities. 
Thus, with the population growth the urban lifestyle changes. Some people argue that such 
migration helps residents build their life in a proper environment. However, the media 
suggests a different point of view.  

First and foremost, city growth contributes to social progress. Residents of a major city have
an exceptional opportunity to find a suitable job, social activities and perspective acquaintances.
Likewise, the quality of education and healthcare is higher because of the number of professionals.

Furthermore, population explosion in a city has economical consequences. For example, the money
flow skyrockets due to the amount of new citizens who are just settling in. Also emigrees are
ambitious people searching for personal and economical development. In return, that increases
the availability and quantity of provided services and goods in a city.

Having said that, city growth leads to economic and social injustice. For instance, the cost of 
living rises while the quality of life remains the same. Inhabitants at the edge of poverty can 
lose all their belongings and property due to price escalation. And those who cannot find a way out
turn to crime out of sheer need. 

In conclusion, the process of metropolises' growth causes multilateral changes. On the one hand, 
it lets citizens boost their financial, personal and social development. On the other hand, 
people who cannot cope with the challenges presented by the new lifestyle, stay overboard.
